Country codes in upper case (#7993)
contao/contao: UPGRADE.md

To add or remove countries, you can use the `contao.intl.countries` configuration. `$GLOBALS['TL_LANG']['CNT']` can
still be used for overwriting translations, but no longer to retrieve country names.

> Country codes have been changed to upper case letters.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add an example on how to change it to lowercase?

https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.array-change-key-case.php

```php
$countries = System::getContainer()->get('contao.intl.countries')->getCountries();
$countries = array_change_key_case($countries);
```

Author: I think it's enough to give a hint here - I didn't have this on my table at all and hadn't read it in the news [https://contao.org/de/news/contao-5-0-ist-da](https://contao.org/de/news/contao-5-0-ist-da) ...

Reviewer: This would most likely be in the upgrade.md and not the news since normal users do not care about this and explaining every change between 4 and 5 would be at least 400 pages long.

Edit:
Nevermind, you are directly pushing into the upgrade.md below how I mentioned.
However an example would and could still be good imho.

> Country codes have been changed to upper case letters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Country codes in the database column `tl_member.country` have been changed from lowercase to uppercase letters.
```

Reviewer: And it's actually the keys that changed in intl countries :)

Reviewer 2: > And it's actually the keys that changed in intl countries :)

I don’t think they changed at all. Can you point out where exactly the keys changed to uppercase?

Reviewer: Ah, not the keys but the values. But zonky is right that they did change.

Reviewer 2: But where in intl countries was the change? I cannot find it.

Author: Correct, only the storage at tl_member was changed - until 4.13 there was no adaptation to lower case as downward compatibility. The change should still be mentioned.

Reviewer: It never changed, it was the switch to intl countries that caused the issue.
Iirc, I had to lowercase that for the oveleon/contao-company-bundle in C5 back then.

Reviewer: @zonky2 are you gonna apply the suggestion?
